Q. I am getting the error 'Invalid option -fdump-translation-unit' or
similar.
A. You need to use a version of gcc that supports this flag. Version
3.2 and newer are known to, but 3.0 and 2.95 do not. I'm not sure about
3.1.

Q. I am getting the error "could not find GL/glext.h"
A. You need to have this file, as it defines extensions to OpenGL that
an application might use. You can obtain the latest copy from
http://oss.sgi.com/projects/ogl-sample/registry. If you don't want to
put it in your system include directories, you can create a GL
subdirectory of your source directory and put it there.

Q. I am using the NVIDIA header files, and I am getting errors about
conflicting definitions.
A. Try upgrading to the latest NVIDIA drivers. The 60 series seem to
fix many of the problems in older header files. If that doesn't help,
then see the original answer below:
A. Avoid using the NVIDIA header files. They define prototypes that do
not match the OpenGL specification, and contain other flaws as well. If
you are unwilling or unable to modify the system header files, then you
can create a GL subdirectory of your BuGLe source directory and place
alternative headers there. Mesa has good headers; try downloading the
Mesa source from www.mesa3d.org and using the headers from there.

Q. I have an x86_64 (Athlon 64/Opteron/EM64T) machine with 64-bit OS,
and BuGLe fails to work with Quake3/Doom3.
A. Quake3 and Doom3 are 32-bit apps, while you probably have a 64-bit
version of BuGLe. You will need to compile a 32-bit version. See the
FAQ for more details.

Q. I am using GL_EXT_framebuffer_object to render to texture, but the
results do not appear in the texture pane of gldb-gui.
A. This is a known bug in NVIDIA's 76.76 driver. It will be fixed in
the 80 series drivers (not release at the time of writing). As a
workaround, you can change the "#if 0" to "#if 1" on line 241 of
filters/debugger.c, but be aware that this then breaks display of
non-rendered textures.


For any other problems, contact me at bmerry@users.sourceforge.net. If
you are having compilation problems, then it would help to include the
generated file src/data/gl.tu, assuming compilation got that far. Be
aware that this file is generated from your OpenGL header files, and if
you are using proprietry OpenGL headers then there is a small chance
that distributing this file violates the vendor's copyright. I am not a
lawyer, so I can't give definitive advice on this.
